Updates and elaboration on packaging and distribution. (#80)
MolSSI-Education/python-package-best-practices: _episodes/03-github.md

Now if you refresh the GitHub webpage you should be able to see all the new files you added to the repository.

This is now an effective entry point for people discovering your project,
but you should document the URL within your repository contents, in case people
acquire your package some other way.

> For now, at least, update your `setup.cfg`, and put this GitHub repository URL

Author: ```suggestion
For now, at least, update your `pyproject.toml`, and put this GitHub repository URL
```
